Add markdown description for String.ToUpper() method (#1853)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/strings/terms/toupper/toupper.md

---

> Title: '.ToLower()'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.ToUpper()'
```

> Description: 'The ToUpper() method is used to convert all the characters in a given string to uppercase.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a new string in all uppercase characters based on the passed string.'
```

Subjects:
- 'Computer Science'
- 'Code Foundations'
  Tags:
- 'Strings'
- 'Methods'
  CatalogContent:
- 'learn-c-sharp'
- 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`ToUpper()`** method is a method in C# that takes a string and returns a copy of this string converted to uppercase. Numbers and symbols are not changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.ToUpper()`** method is a method in C# that takes a string and returns a copy of this string converted to uppercase. Numbers and symbols within the string are not changed.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> string.ToUpper()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some_string.ToUpper()
```

```

> The .ToUpper() return a new string whose letters are converted to uppercase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

This method will not change the input string.

## Example

In this following example, `originalString` is the string being converted to uppercase, and `uppercaseString` is the new string that contains the uppercase characters. We can see that that the original string remains unchanged:

> ```cs

Reviewer: please include the code setup, the class and main calls, in the first example as well. It should be runnable as is.

originalString = "Hello World"

string uppercaseString = originalString.ToUpper();

Console.WriteLine(originalString);
Console.WriteLine(uppercaseString);

> ```

Reviewer: Add a space after the code block and after "Here is the output:"

Here is the output:

> ```pseudo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

Hello World
HELLO WORLD
```

## Codebyte Example

> To convert `originalString`, which contains the text *"Hi! I'm Codecademy"*, to uppercase then store in a new string variable named `uppercaseString`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below converts a given string to uppercase and stores this value in a new string variable named `uppercaseString`:
```

```codebyte/csharp

> // This code demonstrates the use of the ToUpper() method in C#

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

---
Title: '.ToUpper()'

> Description: 'Returns a new string in all uppercase characters based on the passed string.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a new string with all uppercase characters.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.ToUpper()`** method is a method in C# that takes a string and returns a copy of this string converted to uppercase. Numbers and symbols are not changed.

Reviewer 2: Rather than taking in a a thing, this method is called on the string. Let's rephrase here!

## Syntax

```pseudo
somestring.ToUpper()
```

> **Note:** This method will not change the input string.

> ## Example

Reviewer 2: Let's actually just keep the codebyte example here because the method is relatively straightforward. One example will suffice

> In this following example, `originalString` is the string being converted to uppercase, and `uppercaseString` is the new string that contains the uppercase characters. We can see that the original string remains unchanged:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this following example, `originalString` is the string being converted to uppercase, and `uppercaseString` is the new string that contains the uppercased characters. The original string remains unchanged:
```

```cs
using System;

class Program
{
    static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        string originalString = "Hello World";

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
